# Programming on the laptop's keyboard

I started my day remapping capslock with esc on my laptop (Gnome + Wayland):

`dconf write /org/gnome/desktop/input-sources/xkb-options "['caps:escape']"`

I sold my external keyboard to a friend sometime ago and I have been on the small laptop built-in
keyboard for some time, it is not super confortable and have its problems, like the page up and
page down placement too close to the directional arrows that gets in your way when you dont want to.
When using Vim (I use NeoVim BTW...) this is not a problem because I use the home row hjkl for 
navigation, but on Vim the Capslock is the pain that sometimes gets accidentally pressed. Replacing
it with Escape is a normal tweak that people do, and saves finger travel to the distant default Esc
placement. Now I have a slightly better laptop. Done.

# Touch Controls

I revisited the input for the game this afternoon, the current 3-button I have on the early preview
for turn-left, turn-right and look-at-map are ok, they are big enough to play on the mobile phone
using only the fingers, they are touch friendly, and for someone playing on a keyboard, the arrow
keys do work, so not a super priority to improve on the input. However, the positioning on the edges
kind-of forces the user to play with both hands, and I want people to be able to play standing on 
public transportation using only the thumb if possible. Also, I think it's time to add a new button
a new action, probably a toggle button to enable/disable running.

The temporary name of the game, Contractor Hero, made me want to go fetch inspiration and research
the UI of rythm games, I have in my place a gadget from the Guitar Hero On Tour for the Nintendo DS,
that was a scaled down version of the plastic guitars with their primary color buttons, green, red,
yellow and orange. It's curious that Rock Band uses the same colors and in the same order...

Anyways, after a lot of tweaking, I ended up on a new version of my touch inputs, I still need to
play on the actual game with them to feel if the disposition is ok and if they work. I continue
motivating myself with the componentization of the subparts of the system, and this component for
command input was the core of the day for me today, and I also published the updated components
library, with the demos gallery on its own Itch page to make things easier to export.

https://fczuardi.itch.io/contractor-hero-scenes

But to get the gallery in a decent state, working in html and with a smallish footprint, I had to
tweak and learn a lot as well.

## Summary

I created a "gamepad" like buttons set, with North/South/West/East generic buttons that can be
customized with different ColorPalette Godot resources and be used to emit signals interact with
other game parts.

--- ADD SCREENSHOT OF THE DEMO HERE ---
